update readme (#10)
corona-warn-app/json-functions-swift: README.md

<p align="center">
 <a href="https://www.coronawarn.app/en/"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/corona-warn-app/cwa-documentation/master/images/CWA_title.png" width="400"></a>
</p>

<hr />

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/corona-warn-app/json-functions-swift" title="REUSE Status">
      <img src="https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/corona-warn-app/json-functions-swift">
    </a>
</p>
<p align="center">
    <a href="#usage">Usage Guide</a> •
    <a href="#requirements">Requirements</a> •
    <a href="#documentation">Documentation</a> •
    <a href="#support-and-feedback">Support and Feedback</a> •
    <a href="#how-to-contribute">How to contribute</a> •
    <a href="#licensing">Licensing</a> •
    <a href="https://www.coronawarn.app/en/">Web Site</a>
</p>
<hr />

> # Corona-Warn-App: jsonlogic-swift

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Corona-Warn-App: json-functions-swift
```

A native Swift JsonLogic implementation. This parser accepts [JsonLogic](http://jsonlogic.com)
rules and executes them.

JsonLogic is a way to write rules that involve computations in JSON

> format, these can be applied on JSON data with consistent results. So you can share between server and clients rules in a common format. Original JS JsonLogic implementation is developed by Jeremy Wadhams.

Reviewer 2: Should we update this to say that this is a JsonFunctions implementation and not just JsonLogic? Maybe that it is backwards compatible with JsonLogic?

> A native Swift JsonLogic implementation. This parser accepts [JsonLogic](http://jsonlogic.com)
> rules and executes them.
> 
> JsonLogic is a way to write rules that involve computations in JSON
> format, these can be applied on JSON data with consistent results. So you can share between server and clients rules in a common format. Original JS JsonLogic implementation is developed by Jeremy Wadhams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A native Swift implementation of JsonFunctions.

JsonFunctions (JFN) is a generic logic engine that is capable of processing functions that are described in a JSON format. It is a compatible extension of [JsonLogic](http://jsonlogic.com).
```
